store,store
pants,pants
fish,fish
sneaker,sneaker
french fries,french fries
party,party
garbage,garbage
hose,hose
story,story
slipper,slipper
oven,oven
beans,beans
drink,drink
juice,juice
ice cream,ice cream
muffin,muffin
tights,tights
knee,knee
deer,deer
mommy*,mommy*
noodles,noodles
pudding,pudding
plate,plate
mop,mop
kitchen,kitchen
soup,soup
pencil,pencil
cookie,cookie
ear,ear
sprinkler,sprinkler
owl,owl
tummy,tummy
shower,shower
soap,soap
uncle,uncle
popsicle,popsicle
face,face
nail,nail
pillow,pillow
glasses,glasses
truck,truck
bucket,bucket
tissue,tissue
pancake,pancake
stairs,stairs
giraffe,giraffe
sheep,sheep
slide,slide
baby,baby
hair,hair
kitty,kitty
man,man
bear,bear
park,park
keys,keys
cracker,cracker
nuts,nuts
comb,comb
peanut butter,peanut butter
rocking chair,rocking chair
sock,sock
bird,bird
banana,banana
chocolate,chocolate
tv,tv
basket,basket
applesauce,applesauce
shorts,shorts
carrots,carrots
puppy,puppy
aunt,aunt
dog,dog
garden,garden
squirrel,squirrel
napkin,napkin
peas,peas
yogurt,yogurt
glue,glue
stone,stone
cow,cow
stroller,stroller
bathroom,bathroom
doctor,doctor
hat,hat
spaghetti,spaghetti
grapes,grapes
ant,ant
light,light
orange,orange
lawn mower,lawn mower
pumpkin,pumpkin
mouth,mouth
watch,watch
coffee,coffee
bedroom,bedroom
roof,roof
tooth,tooth
shovel,shovel
trash,trash
belt,belt
teacher,teacher
salt,salt
sidewalk,sidewalk
room,room
buttocks,buttocks
car,car
toe,toe
sweater,sweater
mouse,mouse
cat,cat
mailman,mailman
turtle,turtle
sun,sun
corn,corn
hand,hand
farm,farm
sister,sister
toy,toy
ice,ice
tractor,tractor
rain,rain
coat,coat
animal,animal
ladder,ladder
bowl,bowl
owie,owie
lollipop,lollipop
chin,chin
camera,camera
game,game
sauce,sauce
work (place),work (place)
school,school
couch,couch
sandwich,sandwich
wolf,wolf
sandbox,sandbox
lamp,lamp
raisin,raisin
zipper,zipper
box,box
potato,potato
boy,boy
monkey,monkey
cup,cup
underpants,underpants
pretzel,pretzel
diaper,diaper
teddybear,teddybear
street,street
door,door
rock,rock
house,house
people,people
tricycle,tricycle
vitamins,vitamins
tree,tree
zoo,zoo
button,button
candy,candy
milk,milk
gum,gum
bread,bread
penis,penis
penguin,penguin
arm,arm
backyard,backyard
knife,knife
flower,flower
helicopter,helicopter
butterfly,butterfly
wind,wind
fork,fork
grass,grass
table,table
toast,toast
strawberry,strawberry
hamburger,hamburger
present,present
cheerios,cheerios
church*,church*
clown,clown
dryer,dryer
scissors,scissors
green beans,green beans
fireman,fireman
lips,lips
bat,bat
outside,outside
picnic,picnic
plant,plant
home,home
high chair,high chair
tiger,tiger
donut,donut
block,block
tape,tape
toothbrush,toothbrush
closet,closet
hammer,hammer
blanket,blanket
living room,living room
money,money
boots,boots
grandpa*,grandpa*
water,water
jacket,jacket
lion,lion
bunny,bunny
clock,clock
mittens,mittens
star,star
movie,movie
gloves,gloves
refrigerator,refrigerator
ankle,ankle
chair,chair
leg,leg
gas station,gas station
cloud,cloud
bug,bug
radio,radio
firetruck,firetruck
brother,brother
daddy*,daddy*
nose,nose
telephone,telephone
playpen,playpen
goose,goose
dish,dish
bus,bus
purse,purse
spoon,spoon
beach,beach
rooster,rooster
egg,egg
potty,potty
drawer,drawer
bicycle,bicycle
sky,sky
police,police
duck,duck
train,train
swing,swing
medicine,medicine
head,head
shoe,shoe
eye,eye
shirt,shirt
stove,stove
pajamas,pajamas
tuna,tuna
cake,cake
tongue,tongue
bee,bee
bathtub,bathtub
bed,bed
sink,sink
finger,finger
cheek,cheek
picture,picture
flag,flag
coke,coke
window,window
food,food
pickle,pickle
apple,apple
dress,dress
penny,penny
brush,brush
zebra,zebra
necklace,necklace
friend,friend
moon,moon
stick,stick
yard,yard
frog,frog
paper,paper
elephant,elephant
cheese,cheese
potato chip,potato chip
jello,jello
girl,girl
pool,pool
meat,meat
alligator,alligator
glass,glass
motorcycle,motorcycle
bib,bib
jelly,jelly
vacuum,vacuum
puzzle,puzzle
playground,playground
broom,broom
doll,doll
crib,crib
jeans,jeans
bottle,bottle
cereal,cereal
pig,pig
belly button,belly button
shoulder,shoulder
book,book
towel,towel
lady,lady
snowman,snowman
turkey,turkey
store,store
pants,pants
fish,fish
sneaker,sneaker
french fries,french fries
party,party
garbage,garbage
hose,hose
story,story
slipper,slipper
oven,oven
beans,beans
juice,juice
drink,drink
ice cream,ice cream
muffin,muffin
tights,tights
knee,knee
deer,deer
mommy*,mommy*
noodles,noodles
pudding,pudding
plate,plate
mop,mop
kitchen,kitchen
soup,soup
pencil,pencil
cookie,cookie
ear,ear
sprinkler,sprinkler
owl,owl
tummy,tummy
shower,shower
soap,soap
uncle,uncle
popsicle,popsicle
face,face
nail,nail
pillow,pillow
glasses,glasses
truck,truck
bucket,bucket
tissue,tissue
pancake,pancake
stairs,stairs
giraffe,giraffe
sheep,sheep
baby,baby
slide,slide
kitty,kitty
hair,hair
man,man
bear,bear
park,park
keys,keys
cracker,cracker
nuts,nuts
comb,comb
peanut butter,peanut butter
rocking chair,rocking chair
bird,bird
sock,sock
banana,banana
chocolate,chocolate
tv,tv
basket,basket
applesauce,applesauce
shorts,shorts
carrots,carrots
puppy,puppy
aunt,aunt
dog,dog
garden,garden
peas,peas
napkin,napkin
squirrel,squirrel
yogurt,yogurt
glue,glue
cow,cow
stone,stone
stroller,stroller
bathroom,bathroom
hat,hat
doctor,doctor
spaghetti,spaghetti
grapes,grapes
ant,ant
light,light
orange,orange
lawn mower,lawn mower
pumpkin,pumpkin
mouth,mouth
watch,watch
coffee,coffee
bedroom,bedroom
roof,roof
shovel,shovel
tooth,tooth
trash,trash
belt,belt
teacher,teacher
room,room
salt,salt
sidewalk,sidewalk
car,car
buttocks,buttocks
sweater,sweater
toe,toe
mouse,mouse
cat,cat
mailman,mailman
turtle,turtle
corn,corn
sun,sun
hand,hand
farm,farm
sister,sister
toy,toy
ice,ice
tractor,tractor
coat,coat
rain,rain
animal,animal
ladder,ladder
bowl,bowl
owie,owie
lollipop,lollipop
chin,chin
camera,camera
game,game
sauce,sauce
work (place),work (place)
couch,couch
school,school
sandwich,sandwich
wolf,wolf
sandbox,sandbox
lamp,lamp
box,box
potato,potato
raisin,raisin
zipper,zipper
boy,boy
monkey,monkey
cup,cup
underpants,underpants
pretzel,pretzel
diaper,diaper
teddybear,teddybear
street,street
door,door
rock,rock
house,house
people,people
tricycle,tricycle
vitamins,vitamins
tree,tree
zoo,zoo
candy,candy
button,button
milk,milk
gum,gum
bread,bread
penis,penis
penguin,penguin
backyard,backyard
arm,arm
knife,knife
flower,flower
helicopter,helicopter
butterfly,butterfly
wind,wind
fork,fork
grass,grass
table,table
toast,toast
hamburger,hamburger
strawberry,strawberry
present,present
cheerios,cheerios
church*,church*
clown,clown
dryer,dryer
green beans,green beans
fireman,fireman
scissors,scissors
lips,lips
bat,bat
outside,outside
picnic,picnic
plant,plant
home,home
high chair,high chair
tiger,tiger
donut,donut
block,block
tape,tape
toothbrush,toothbrush
closet,closet
hammer,hammer
blanket,blanket
living room,living room
money,money
boots,boots
grandpa*,grandpa*
jacket,jacket
water,water
lion,lion
bunny,bunny
clock,clock
mittens,mittens
star,star
movie,movie
gloves,gloves
refrigerator,refrigerator
ankle,ankle
leg,leg
chair,chair
gas station,gas station
bug,bug
cloud,cloud
firetruck,firetruck
radio,radio
brother,brother
daddy*,daddy*
nose,nose
telephone,telephone
playpen,playpen
goose,goose
dish,dish
bus,bus
purse,purse
spoon,spoon
beach,beach
rooster,rooster
egg,egg
drawer,drawer
potty,potty
bicycle,bicycle
sky,sky
police,police
duck,duck
train,train
medicine,medicine
head,head
swing,swing
shoe,shoe
eye,eye
shirt,shirt
pajamas,pajamas
stove,stove
tuna,tuna
cake,cake
tongue,tongue
bee,bee
bathtub,bathtub
bed,bed
sink,sink
finger,finger
cheek,cheek
picture,picture
flag,flag
coke,coke
window,window
food,food
apple,apple
dress,dress
pickle,pickle
penny,penny
brush,brush
zebra,zebra
necklace,necklace
friend,friend
moon,moon
stick,stick
yard,yard
frog,frog
paper,paper
elephant,elephant
cheese,cheese
potato chip,potato chip
jello,jello
girl,girl
pool,pool
meat,meat
alligator,alligator
glass,glass
motorcycle,motorcycle
jelly,jelly
bib,bib
vacuum,vacuum
puzzle,puzzle
playground,playground
broom,broom
doll,doll
crib,crib
jeans,jeans
bottle,bottle
cereal,cereal
pig,pig
belly button,belly button
shoulder,shoulder
book,book
towel,towel
lady,lady
snowman,snowman
turkey,turkey
store,store
store,kitchen
store,basket
store,bedroom
store,room
store,house
store,church*
store,home
store,living room
store,bed
store,glass
pants,pants
pants,tights
pants,shorts
pants,belt
pants,pajamas
pants,dress
pants,jeans
fish,fish
fish,tuna
sneaker,sneaker
sneaker,slipper
sneaker,shoe
french fries,french fries
french fries,noodles
french fries,cookie
french fries,cracker
french fries,chocolate
french fries,spaghetti
french fries,bread
french fries,toast
french fries,potato chip
party,party
garbage,garbage
hose,hose
story,story
slipper,sneaker
slipper,slipper
slipper,shorts
slipper,bathroom
slipper,hat
slipper,belt
slipper,sweater
slipper,coat
slipper,blanket
slipper,jacket
slipper,shoe
slipper,shirt
slipper,dress
slipper,towel
oven,oven
oven,dryer
oven,stove
beans,beans
beans,banana
beans,peas
juice,drink
juice,juice
drink,drink
drink,juice
ice cream,ice cream
ice cream,pudding
ice cream,yogurt
muffin,muffin
muffin,peanut butter
muffin,hamburger
muffin,cheerios
muffin,donut
tights,pants
tights,tights
tights,shorts
tights,belt
tights,underpants
tights,jacket
tights,pajamas
tights,dress
knee,knee
knee,leg
knee,shoulder
deer,deer
deer,giraffe
deer,sheep
deer,kitty
deer,bear
deer,puppy
deer,dog
deer,cow
deer,cat
deer,animal
deer,wolf
deer,monkey
deer,tiger
deer,lion
deer,bunny
deer,zebra
deer,elephant
deer,pig
mommy*,mommy*
mommy*,uncle
mommy*,face
mommy*,baby
mommy*,man
mommy*,aunt
mommy*,doctor
mommy*,teacher
mommy*,mailman
mommy*,sister
mommy*,boy
mommy*,people
mommy*,clown
mommy*,fireman
mommy*,grandpa*
mommy*,brother
mommy*,daddy*
mommy*,police
mommy*,friend
mommy*,girl
mommy*,lady
noodles,french fries
noodles,noodles
noodles,spaghetti
noodles,corn
pudding,ice cream
pudding,pudding
pudding,soup
plate,plate
plate,bowl
plate,clock
plate,dish
mop,mop
kitchen,store
kitchen,kitchen
kitchen,basket
kitchen,bathroom
kitchen,bedroom
kitchen,room
kitchen,house
kitchen,present
kitchen,home
kitchen,living room
kitchen,refrigerator
kitchen,playpen
kitchen,bed
kitchen,glass
kitchen,playground
soup,pudding
soup,soup
soup,sauce
pencil,pencil
cookie,french fries
cookie,cookie
cookie,pancake
cookie,cracker
cookie,chocolate
cookie,pretzel
cookie,candy
cookie,bread
cookie,toast
cookie,hamburger
cookie,cheerios
cookie,donut
cookie,potato chip
cookie,cereal
ear,ear
sprinkler,sprinkler
owl,owl
owl,bird
tummy,tummy
shower,shower
soap,soap
uncle,mommy*
uncle,uncle
uncle,baby
uncle,man
uncle,aunt
uncle,doctor
uncle,teacher
uncle,mailman
uncle,sister
uncle,boy
uncle,people
uncle,clown
uncle,fireman
uncle,grandpa*
uncle,brother
uncle,daddy*
uncle,police
uncle,friend
uncle,girl
uncle,lady
popsicle,popsicle
popsicle,spaghetti
popsicle,candy
popsicle,jelly
popsicle,cereal
face,mommy*
face,face
face,man
face,aunt
face,mailman
face,boy
face,grandpa*
face,brother
face,daddy*
face,head
face,friend
face,girl
face,lady
nail,nail
pillow,pillow
pillow,blanket
glasses,glasses
glasses,watch
truck,truck
truck,car
truck,tractor
truck,gas station
truck,firetruck
truck,bus
truck,train
truck,motorcycle
truck,vacuum
bucket,bucket
bucket,stairs
bucket,roof
bucket,shovel
bucket,block
bucket,hammer
bucket,drawer
tissue,tissue
tissue,napkin
pancake,cookie
pancake,pancake
pancake,hamburger
pancake,cheerios
stairs,bucket
stairs,stairs
stairs,door
stairs,block
stairs,hammer
stairs,drawer
giraffe,deer
giraffe,giraffe
giraffe,puppy
giraffe,dog
giraffe,cat
giraffe,animal
giraffe,lion
giraffe,zebra
giraffe,elephant
sheep,deer
sheep,sheep
sheep,kitty
sheep,puppy
sheep,dog
sheep,cow
sheep,mouse
sheep,cat
sheep,wolf
sheep,monkey
sheep,bunny
sheep,zebra
sheep,pig
baby,mommy*
baby,uncle
baby,baby
baby,man
baby,aunt
baby,teacher
baby,mailman
baby,sister
baby,boy
baby,people
baby,clown
baby,fireman
baby,grandpa*
baby,brother
baby,friend
baby,girl
baby,lady
slide,slide
slide,present
kitty,deer
kitty,sheep
kitty,kitty
kitty,bear
kitty,puppy
kitty,dog
kitty,mouse
kitty,cat
kitty,animal
kitty,wolf
kitty,monkey
kitty,tiger
kitty,lion
kitty,bunny
kitty,zebra
hair,hair
man,mommy*
man,uncle
man,face
man,baby
man,man
man,aunt
man,dog
man,doctor
man,teacher
man,mailman
man,sister
man,boy
man,monkey
man,people
man,clown
man,fireman
man,grandpa*
man,brother
man,daddy*
man,police
man,head
man,friend
man,girl
man,lady
bear,deer
bear,kitty
bear,bear
bear,puppy
bear,dog
bear,cow
bear,mouse
bear,cat
bear,animal
bear,wolf
bear,monkey
bear,tiger
bear,lion
bear,zebra
bear,elephant
park,park
park,garden
park,backyard
park,outside
park,yard
park,playground
keys,keys
cracker,french fries
cracker,cookie
cracker,cracker
cracker,toast
nuts,nuts
nuts,green beans
comb,comb
comb,toothbrush
comb,brush
peanut butter,muffin
peanut butter,peanut butter
rocking chair,rocking chair
rocking chair,couch
rocking chair,table
rocking chair,chair
rocking chair,bed
bird,owl
bird,bird
bird,penguin
bird,goose
bird,rooster
bird,duck
bird,turkey
sock,sock
sock,hat
sock,sweater
sock,underpants
sock,gloves
sock,shirt
sock,pajamas
sock,dress
banana,beans
banana,banana
banana,peas
banana,potato
banana,bread
banana,donut
chocolate,french fries
chocolate,cookie
chocolate,chocolate
chocolate,candy
chocolate,bread
chocolate,toast
chocolate,cereal
tv,tv
tv,movie
tv,radio
tv,telephone
basket,store
basket,kitchen
basket,basket
basket,present
basket,picnic
basket,living room
basket,playpen
applesauce,applesauce
applesauce,fork
shorts,pants
shorts,slipper
shorts,tights
shorts,shorts
shorts,bathroom
shorts,hat
shorts,sweater
shorts,underpants
shorts,blanket
shorts,gloves
shorts,shirt
shorts,pajamas
shorts,dress
carrots,carrots
puppy,deer
puppy,giraffe
puppy,sheep
puppy,kitty
puppy,bear
puppy,puppy
puppy,dog
puppy,mouse
puppy,cat
puppy,animal
puppy,wolf
puppy,monkey
puppy,tiger
puppy,lion
puppy,bunny
puppy,zebra
aunt,mommy*
aunt,uncle
aunt,face
aunt,baby
aunt,man
aunt,aunt
aunt,doctor
aunt,teacher
aunt,mailman
aunt,sister
aunt,boy
aunt,people
aunt,clown
aunt,fireman
aunt,grandpa*
aunt,brother
aunt,daddy*
aunt,police
aunt,head
aunt,friend
aunt,girl
aunt,lady
dog,deer
dog,giraffe
dog,sheep
dog,kitty
dog,man
dog,bear
dog,puppy
dog,dog
dog,cow
dog,mouse
dog,cat
dog,animal
dog,wolf
dog,boy
dog,monkey
dog,tiger
dog,lion
dog,bunny
dog,zebra
dog,elephant
garden,park
garden,garden
garden,plant
peas,beans
peas,banana
peas,peas
peas,green beans
napkin,tissue
napkin,napkin
napkin,towel
squirrel,squirrel
squirrel,mouse
squirrel,cat
squirrel,wolf
squirrel,monkey
yogurt,ice cream
yogurt,yogurt
glue,glue
cow,deer
cow,sheep
cow,bear
cow,dog
cow,cow
cow,zebra
cow,pig
stone,stone
stone,rock
stone,belly button
stroller,stroller
bathroom,slipper
bathroom,kitchen
bathroom,shorts
bathroom,bathroom
bathroom,hat
bathroom,sweater
bathroom,underpants
bathroom,blanket
bathroom,living room
bathroom,shirt
bathroom,pajamas
bathroom,dress
bathroom,towel
hat,slipper
hat,sock
hat,shorts
hat,bathroom
hat,hat
hat,sweater
hat,coat
hat,blanket
hat,gloves
hat,shoe
hat,shirt
hat,dress
doctor,mommy*
doctor,uncle
doctor,man
doctor,aunt
doctor,doctor
doctor,teacher
doctor,mailman
doctor,sister
doctor,boy
doctor,people
doctor,clown
doctor,fireman
doctor,grandpa*
doctor,brother
doctor,daddy*
doctor,police
doctor,friend
doctor,girl
doctor,lady
spaghetti,french fries
spaghetti,noodles
spaghetti,popsicle
spaghetti,spaghetti
grapes,grapes
grapes,apple
ant,ant
ant,bug
light,light
orange,orange
orange,pumpkin
lawn mower,lawn mower
pumpkin,orange
pumpkin,pumpkin
mouth,mouth
watch,glasses
watch,watch
watch,clock
coffee,coffee
bedroom,store
bedroom,kitchen
bedroom,bedroom
bedroom,room
bedroom,house
bedroom,home
bedroom,living room
bedroom,bed
bedroom,glass
roof,bucket
roof,roof
shovel,bucket
shovel,shovel
shovel,box
shovel,hammer
shovel,drawer
tooth,tooth
trash,trash
belt,pants
belt,slipper
belt,tights
belt,belt
belt,sweater
belt,coat
belt,boots
belt,jacket
belt,gloves
belt,purse
belt,shoe
belt,shirt
belt,dress
belt,jeans
teacher,mommy*
teacher,uncle
teacher,baby
teacher,man
teacher,aunt
teacher,doctor
teacher,teacher
teacher,mailman
teacher,sister
teacher,boy
teacher,people
teacher,clown
teacher,fireman
teacher,grandpa*
teacher,brother
teacher,daddy*
teacher,police
teacher,friend
teacher,girl
teacher,lady
room,store
room,kitchen
room,bedroom
room,room
room,door
room,house
room,church*
room,home
room,closet
room,living room
room,refrigerator
room,stove
room,bed
room,glass
salt,salt
sidewalk,sidewalk
sidewalk,street
car,truck
car,car
car,tractor
car,firetruck
car,bus
car,bicycle
car,train
car,motorcycle
car,vacuum
buttocks,buttocks
sweater,slipper
sweater,sock
sweater,shorts
sweater,bathroom
sweater,hat
sweater,belt
sweater,sweater
sweater,coat
sweater,couch
sweater,blanket
sweater,jacket
sweater,gloves
sweater,shoe
sweater,shirt
sweater,pajamas
sweater,dress
sweater,towel
toe,toe
mouse,sheep
mouse,kitty
mouse,bear
mouse,puppy
mouse,dog
mouse,squirrel
mouse,mouse
mouse,cat
mouse,animal
mouse,wolf
mouse,monkey
mouse,tiger
mouse,lion
cat,deer
cat,giraffe
cat,sheep
cat,kitty
cat,bear
cat,puppy
cat,dog
cat,squirrel
cat,mouse
cat,cat
cat,animal
cat,wolf
cat,monkey
cat,tiger
cat,lion
cat,bunny
cat,zebra
mailman,mommy*
mailman,uncle
mailman,face
mailman,baby
mailman,man
mailman,aunt
mailman,doctor
mailman,teacher
mailman,mailman
mailman,sister
mailman,boy
mailman,people
mailman,clown
mailman,fireman
mailman,grandpa*
mailman,brother
mailman,daddy*
mailman,police
mailman,friend
mailman,girl
mailman,lady
turtle,turtle
corn,noodles
corn,corn
sun,sun
sun,star
hand,hand
farm,farm
farm,playground
sister,mommy*
sister,uncle
sister,baby
sister,man
sister,aunt
sister,doctor
sister,teacher
sister,mailman
sister,sister
sister,boy
sister,people
sister,clown
sister,fireman
sister,grandpa*
sister,brother
sister,daddy*
sister,police
sister,friend
sister,girl
sister,lady
toy,toy
toy,playpen
ice,ice
tractor,truck
tractor,car
tractor,tractor
tractor,gas station
tractor,firetruck
tractor,bus
coat,slipper
coat,hat
coat,belt
coat,sweater
coat,coat
coat,boots
coat,jacket
coat,gloves
coat,shoe
coat,shirt
coat,dress
rain,rain
animal,deer
animal,giraffe
animal,kitty
animal,bear
animal,puppy
animal,dog
animal,mouse
animal,cat
animal,animal
animal,wolf
animal,monkey
animal,tiger
animal,lion
animal,zebra
animal,elephant
animal,alligator
ladder,ladder
bowl,plate
bowl,bowl
bowl,lamp
bowl,cup
bowl,bottle
owie,owie
lollipop,lollipop
chin,chin
camera,camera
game,game
sauce,soup
sauce,sauce
work (place),work (place)
couch,rocking chair
couch,sweater
couch,couch
couch,high chair
couch,chair
couch,playpen
couch,bed
couch,crib
school,school
school,church*
school,home
school,bed
school,glass
sandwich,sandwich
sandwich,bread
sandwich,toast
wolf,deer
wolf,sheep
wolf,kitty
wolf,bear
wolf,puppy
wolf,dog
wolf,squirrel
wolf,mouse
wolf,cat
wolf,animal
wolf,wolf
wolf,monkey
wolf,tiger
wolf,lion
wolf,bunny
wolf,zebra
sandbox,sandbox
sandbox,backyard
sandbox,playground
lamp,bowl
lamp,lamp
box,shovel
box,box
box,door
box,block
box,drawer
potato,banana
potato,potato
potato,bread
potato,donut
raisin,raisin
zipper,zipper
zipper,scissors
boy,mommy*
boy,uncle
boy,face
boy,baby
boy,man
boy,aunt
boy,dog
boy,doctor
boy,teacher
boy,mailman
boy,sister
boy,boy
boy,monkey
boy,people
boy,clown
boy,fireman
boy,grandpa*
boy,brother
boy,daddy*
boy,police
boy,friend
boy,girl
boy,lady
monkey,deer
monkey,sheep
monkey,kitty
monkey,man
monkey,bear
monkey,puppy
monkey,dog
monkey,squirrel
monkey,mouse
monkey,cat
monkey,animal
monkey,wolf
monkey,boy
monkey,monkey
monkey,people
monkey,tiger
monkey,lion
monkey,police
monkey,zebra
cup,bowl
cup,cup
underpants,tights
underpants,sock
underpants,shorts
underpants,bathroom
underpants,underpants
underpants,gloves
underpants,pajamas
underpants,dress
pretzel,cookie
pretzel,pretzel
diaper,diaper
teddybear,teddybear
teddybear,doll
street,sidewalk
street,street
street,ankle
door,stairs
door,room
door,box
door,door
door,closet
door,drawer
rock,stone
rock,rock
house,store
house,kitchen
house,bedroom
house,room
house,house
house,church*
house,home
house,living room
house,bed
house,glass
house,playground
people,mommy*
people,uncle
people,baby
people,man
people,aunt
people,doctor
people,teacher
people,mailman
people,sister
people,boy
people,monkey
people,people
people,clown
people,fireman
people,grandpa*
people,brother
people,daddy*
people,police
people,friend
people,girl
people,lady
tricycle,tricycle
tricycle,bicycle
vitamins,vitamins
vitamins,medicine
tree,tree
zoo,zoo
candy,cookie
candy,popsicle
candy,chocolate
candy,candy
candy,gum
candy,bread
candy,donut
candy,cake
candy,cheese
candy,potato chip
candy,jelly
candy,cereal
button,button
button,clock
milk,milk
gum,candy
gum,gum
bread,french fries
bread,cookie
bread,banana
bread,chocolate
bread,sandwich
bread,potato
bread,candy
bread,bread
bread,hamburger
bread,donut
bread,cake
bread,cheese
penis,penis
penguin,bird
penguin,penguin
penguin,goose
penguin,duck
backyard,park
backyard,sandbox
backyard,backyard
backyard,home
backyard,living room
backyard,beach
backyard,yard
backyard,glass
backyard,playground
arm,arm
arm,finger
arm,shoulder
knife,knife
knife,scissors
flower,flower
helicopter,helicopter
butterfly,butterfly
wind,wind
fork,applesauce
fork,fork
fork,scissors
grass,grass
table,rocking chair
table,table
table,high chair
table,chair
table,bed
toast,french fries
toast,cookie
toast,cracker
toast,chocolate
toast,sandwich
toast,toast
hamburger,muffin
hamburger,cookie
hamburger,pancake
hamburger,bread
hamburger,hamburger
hamburger,cheerios
hamburger,donut
strawberry,strawberry
present,kitchen
present,slide
present,basket
present,present
present,picture
present,book
cheerios,muffin
cheerios,cookie
cheerios,pancake
cheerios,hamburger
cheerios,cheerios
cheerios,donut
cheerios,potato chip
church*,store
church*,room
church*,school
church*,house
church*,church*
church*,home
church*,living room
church*,bed
church*,glass
clown,mommy*
clown,uncle
clown,baby
clown,man
clown,aunt
clown,doctor
clown,teacher
clown,mailman
clown,sister
clown,boy
clown,people
clown,clown
clown,fireman
clown,grandpa*
clown,brother
clown,daddy*
clown,police
clown,friend
clown,girl
clown,lady
dryer,oven
dryer,dryer
green beans,nuts
green beans,peas
green beans,green beans
green beans,pickle
fireman,mommy*
fireman,uncle
fireman,baby
fireman,man
fireman,aunt
fireman,doctor
fireman,teacher
fireman,mailman
fireman,sister
fireman,boy
fireman,people
fireman,clown
fireman,fireman
fireman,grandpa*
fireman,brother
fireman,daddy*
fireman,police
fireman,friend
fireman,girl
fireman,lady
scissors,zipper
scissors,knife
scissors,fork
scissors,scissors
lips,lips
bat,bat
outside,park
outside,outside
picnic,basket
picnic,picnic
plant,garden
plant,plant
home,store
home,kitchen
home,bedroom
home,room
home,school
home,house
home,backyard
home,church*
home,home
home,living room
home,refrigerator
home,stove
home,bed
home,glass
home,playground
high chair,couch
high chair,table
high chair,high chair
high chair,chair
high chair,playpen
high chair,crib
tiger,deer
tiger,kitty
tiger,bear
tiger,puppy
tiger,dog
tiger,mouse
tiger,cat
tiger,animal
tiger,wolf
tiger,monkey
tiger,tiger
tiger,lion
tiger,zebra
donut,muffin
donut,cookie
donut,banana
donut,potato
donut,candy
donut,bread
donut,hamburger
donut,cheerios
donut,donut
donut,cake
block,bucket
block,stairs
block,box
block,block
block,drawer
tape,tape
toothbrush,comb
toothbrush,toothbrush
toothbrush,brush
closet,room
closet,door
closet,closet
closet,drawer
hammer,bucket
hammer,stairs
hammer,shovel
hammer,hammer
hammer,drawer
blanket,slipper
blanket,pillow
blanket,shorts
blanket,bathroom
blanket,hat
blanket,sweater
blanket,blanket
blanket,jacket
blanket,gloves
blanket,shirt
blanket,pajamas
blanket,dress
blanket,towel
living room,store
living room,kitchen
living room,basket
living room,bathroom
living room,bedroom
living room,room
living room,house
living room,backyard
living room,church*
living room,home
living room,living room
living room,playpen
living room,bed
living room,glass
money,money
boots,belt
boots,coat
boots,boots
boots,shoe
grandpa*,mommy*
grandpa*,uncle
grandpa*,face
grandpa*,baby
grandpa*,man
grandpa*,aunt
grandpa*,doctor
grandpa*,teacher
grandpa*,mailman
grandpa*,sister
grandpa*,boy
grandpa*,people
grandpa*,clown
grandpa*,fireman
grandpa*,grandpa*
grandpa*,brother
grandpa*,daddy*
grandpa*,police
grandpa*,head
grandpa*,friend
grandpa*,girl
grandpa*,lady
jacket,slipper
jacket,tights
jacket,belt
jacket,sweater
jacket,coat
jacket,blanket
jacket,jacket
jacket,mittens
jacket,gloves
jacket,shoe
jacket,shirt
jacket,dress
water,water
lion,deer
lion,giraffe
lion,kitty
lion,bear
lion,puppy
lion,dog
lion,mouse
lion,cat
lion,animal
lion,wolf
lion,monkey
lion,tiger
lion,lion
lion,zebra
lion,elephant
bunny,deer
bunny,sheep
bunny,kitty
bunny,puppy
bunny,dog
bunny,cat
bunny,wolf
bunny,bunny
bunny,zebra
clock,plate
clock,watch
clock,button
clock,clock
clock,telephone
mittens,jacket
mittens,mittens
mittens,gloves
mittens,dress
star,sun
star,star
movie,tv
movie,movie
movie,radio
movie,telephone
gloves,sock
gloves,shorts
gloves,hat
gloves,belt
gloves,sweater
gloves,coat
gloves,underpants
gloves,blanket
gloves,jacket
gloves,mittens
gloves,gloves
gloves,shirt
gloves,pajamas
gloves,dress
refrigerator,kitchen
refrigerator,room
refrigerator,home
refrigerator,refrigerator
refrigerator,gas station
refrigerator,stove
refrigerator,glass
ankle,street
ankle,ankle
leg,knee
leg,leg
chair,rocking chair
chair,couch
chair,table
chair,high chair
chair,chair
chair,playpen
gas station,truck
gas station,tractor
gas station,refrigerator
gas station,gas station
gas station,stove
bug,ant
bug,bug
cloud,cloud
firetruck,truck
firetruck,car
firetruck,tractor
firetruck,firetruck
firetruck,bus
firetruck,train
radio,tv
radio,movie
radio,radio
radio,telephone
brother,mommy*
brother,uncle
brother,face
brother,baby
brother,man
brother,aunt
brother,doctor
brother,teacher
brother,mailman
brother,sister
brother,boy
brother,people
brother,clown
brother,fireman
brother,grandpa*
brother,brother
brother,daddy*
brother,police
brother,head
brother,zebra
brother,friend
brother,girl
brother,lady
daddy*,mommy*
daddy*,uncle
daddy*,face
daddy*,man
daddy*,aunt
daddy*,doctor
daddy*,teacher
daddy*,mailman
daddy*,sister
daddy*,boy
daddy*,people
daddy*,clown
daddy*,fireman
daddy*,grandpa*
daddy*,brother
daddy*,daddy*
daddy*,police
daddy*,head
daddy*,friend
daddy*,girl
daddy*,lady
nose,nose
telephone,tv
telephone,clock
telephone,movie
telephone,radio
telephone,telephone
playpen,kitchen
playpen,basket
playpen,toy
playpen,couch
playpen,high chair
playpen,living room
playpen,chair
playpen,playpen
playpen,bed
playpen,crib
goose,bird
goose,penguin
goose,goose
goose,duck
dish,plate
dish,dish
bus,truck
bus,car
bus,tractor
bus,firetruck
bus,bus
bus,train
purse,belt
purse,purse
spoon,spoon
beach,backyard
beach,beach
rooster,bird
rooster,rooster
rooster,turkey
egg,egg
drawer,bucket
drawer,stairs
drawer,shovel
drawer,box
drawer,door
drawer,block
drawer,closet
drawer,hammer
drawer,drawer
drawer,stove
potty,potty
bicycle,car
bicycle,tricycle
bicycle,bicycle
bicycle,motorcycle
sky,sky
police,mommy*
police,uncle
police,man
police,aunt
police,doctor
police,teacher
police,mailman
police,sister
police,boy
police,monkey
police,people
police,clown
police,fireman
police,grandpa*
police,brother
police,daddy*
police,police
police,friend
police,girl
police,lady
duck,bird
duck,penguin
duck,goose
duck,duck
duck,turkey
train,truck
train,car
train,firetruck
train,bus
train,train
medicine,vitamins
medicine,medicine
head,face
head,man
head,aunt
head,grandpa*
head,brother
head,daddy*
head,head
head,girl
head,lady
swing,swing
shoe,sneaker
shoe,slipper
shoe,hat
shoe,belt
shoe,sweater
shoe,coat
shoe,boots
shoe,jacket
shoe,shoe
shoe,shirt
shoe,dress
eye,eye
shirt,slipper
shirt,sock
shirt,shorts
shirt,bathroom
shirt,hat
shirt,belt
shirt,sweater
shirt,coat
shirt,blanket
shirt,jacket
shirt,gloves
shirt,shoe
shirt,shirt
shirt,pajamas
shirt,dress
shirt,bib
shirt,towel
pajamas,pants
pajamas,tights
pajamas,sock
pajamas,shorts
pajamas,bathroom
pajamas,sweater
pajamas,underpants
pajamas,blanket
pajamas,gloves
pajamas,shirt
pajamas,pajamas
pajamas,dress
stove,oven
stove,room
stove,home
stove,refrigerator
stove,gas station
stove,drawer
stove,stove
stove,glass
tuna,fish
tuna,tuna
cake,candy
cake,bread
cake,donut
cake,cake
tongue,tongue
bee,bee
bathtub,bathtub
bed,store
bed,kitchen
bed,rocking chair
bed,bedroom
bed,room
bed,school
bed,couch
bed,house
bed,table
bed,church*
bed,home
bed,living room
bed,playpen
bed,bed
bed,glass
bed,playground
bed,crib
sink,sink
finger,arm
finger,finger
cheek,cheek
picture,present
picture,picture
picture,puzzle
picture,book
flag,flag
coke,coke
window,window
food,food
apple,grapes
apple,apple
dress,pants
dress,slipper
dress,tights
dress,sock
dress,shorts
dress,bathroom
dress,hat
dress,belt
dress,sweater
dress,coat
dress,underpants
dress,blanket
dress,jacket
dress,mittens
dress,gloves
dress,shoe
dress,shirt
dress,pajamas
dress,dress
pickle,green beans
pickle,pickle
penny,penny
brush,comb
brush,toothbrush
brush,brush
zebra,deer
zebra,giraffe
zebra,sheep
zebra,kitty
zebra,bear
zebra,puppy
zebra,dog
zebra,cow
zebra,cat
zebra,animal
zebra,wolf
zebra,monkey
zebra,tiger
zebra,lion
zebra,bunny
zebra,brother
zebra,zebra
zebra,pig
necklace,necklace
friend,mommy*
friend,uncle
friend,face
friend,baby
friend,man
friend,aunt
friend,doctor
friend,teacher
friend,mailman
friend,sister
friend,boy
friend,people
friend,clown
friend,fireman
friend,grandpa*
friend,brother
friend,daddy*
friend,police
friend,friend
friend,girl
friend,lady
moon,moon
stick,stick
yard,park
yard,backyard
yard,yard
frog,frog
paper,paper
elephant,deer
elephant,giraffe
elephant,bear
elephant,dog
elephant,animal
elephant,lion
elephant,elephant
cheese,candy
cheese,bread
cheese,cheese
potato chip,french fries
potato chip,cookie
potato chip,candy
potato chip,cheerios
potato chip,potato chip
potato chip,cereal
jello,jello
girl,mommy*
girl,uncle
girl,face
girl,baby
girl,man
girl,aunt
girl,doctor
girl,teacher
girl,mailman
girl,sister
girl,boy
girl,people
girl,clown
girl,fireman
girl,grandpa*
girl,brother
girl,daddy*
girl,police
girl,head
girl,friend
girl,girl
girl,lady
pool,pool
meat,meat
alligator,animal
alligator,alligator
glass,store
glass,kitchen
glass,bedroom
glass,room
glass,school
glass,house
glass,backyard
glass,church*
glass,home
glass,living room
glass,refrigerator
glass,stove
glass,bed
glass,glass
glass,playground
motorcycle,truck
motorcycle,car
motorcycle,bicycle
motorcycle,motorcycle
motorcycle,vacuum
jelly,popsicle
jelly,candy
jelly,jelly
bib,shirt
bib,bib
vacuum,truck
vacuum,car
vacuum,motorcycle
vacuum,vacuum
puzzle,picture
puzzle,puzzle
puzzle,book
playground,kitchen
playground,park
playground,farm
playground,sandbox
playground,house
playground,backyard
playground,home
playground,bed
playground,glass
playground,playground
broom,broom
doll,teddybear
doll,doll
crib,couch
crib,high chair
crib,playpen
crib,bed
crib,crib
jeans,pants
jeans,belt
jeans,jeans
bottle,bowl
bottle,bottle
cereal,cookie
cereal,popsicle
cereal,chocolate
cereal,candy
cereal,potato chip
cereal,cereal
pig,deer
pig,sheep
pig,cow
pig,zebra
pig,pig
belly button,stone
belly button,belly button
shoulder,knee
shoulder,arm
shoulder,shoulder
book,present
book,picture
book,puzzle
book,book
towel,slipper
towel,napkin
towel,bathroom
towel,sweater
towel,blanket
towel,shirt
towel,towel
lady,mommy*
lady,uncle
lady,face
lady,baby
lady,man
lady,aunt
lady,doctor
lady,teacher
lady,mailman
lady,sister
lady,boy
lady,people
lady,clown
lady,fireman
lady,grandpa*
lady,brother
lady,daddy*
lady,police
lady,head
lady,friend
lady,girl
lady,lady
snowman,snowman
turkey,bird
turkey,rooster
turkey,duck
turkey,turkey